1. Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
  -Decomposing complex problems into simpler pieces.
  -Inhance readibility of program.
  -Reuse of code.
  -Information hiding.

2. When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
   A function definition does nothing by itself. To use a function we must call it. 
   function body statement will be executed when we call greet() function.

3. What statement creates a function?
   Def statement is used to create function.
   
4. What is the difference between a function and a function call?
   function has a executable code which has def clause 
   & calling function is evaluates the function's return value.
   
5. How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
   there is one global scope & local scope created whenever function is created 
   
6. What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
   local variable detroyes & it will not remeber values of variable.
   
7. What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
   Return value is value that function evaluates.yes it can be used as expression.
  
8. If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
   Then return value will be none.
   
9. How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
   The "global" statemnet will force variable to refer as gloabl variable. 
   
10. What is the data type of None?
   Datatype for None is none datatype 
  
11. What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
    "areallyourpetsnamederic" is module name in this statement & "import" statemnet is importing this module.
    
12. If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
    spam.bacon()
    
13. What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
    write "TRY clause" where u might think that it cause error.
    
14. What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
    the line code which might cause error that goes into try clause.
